Doc: update fork link (#6264)
circleci/circleci-docs: docs/local-development.md

## Submitting Pull Requests

> If you want to submit a pull request to update the docs, you'll need to [make a fork](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo) of this repo and follow the steps in [Local Development with Docker](https://github.com/circleci/circleci-docs/blob/master/docs/local-development.md#1-local-development-with-docker-recommended) above. After you are finished with your changes, please follow our [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) to submit a pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to submit a pull request to update the docs, you'll need to [make a fork](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo) of this repo and follow the steps described in the [Local Development with Docker](https://github.com/circleci/circleci-docs/blob/master/docs/local-development.md#1-local-development-with-docker-recommended) section After you are finished with your changes, please follow our [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) to submit a pull request.
```

Reviewer: Just a minor suggestion

Author: Thanks, @thomasr8
